COMP3900 Diary – Daniel Yung z5311281
Week 3:
Learnt Django features and tools. Got a rough sketch of the database models that we would be
using.
Week 4:
Finalised database models. Wrote dashboard API for students and lecturers. These are pages
that show a list of all, ongoing and completed courses that a user participates in.
Week 5:
Helped link frontend and backend and assisted with how courses data was returned. First sprint
demo. Wrote documentation for sprint 2 features I was working on.
Week 6:
Created the models for Lessons, which are lectures and tutorials, Topics and worked with Eric
for Files. Learnt how to do file upload using AWS S3 buckets, and how to accept file input from
POST/PUT requests. Created authentication helpers to identify that a lesson belongs to a
course, a topic belongs to a lesson, and a file belongs to a topic.
Week 7:
Wrote lecture and tutorial resources API, this involves: Viewing all topics for a lesson, adding,
deleting and editing topics in a lesson and uploading a file to a topic. Also wrote functionality for
creating and deleting a tutorial.
Week 8:
Changed some functionality that frontend wanted from resources API. Viewing all resources in a
lesson now sorts the topics into weeks, and then in chronological order. Added a redirect url for
lecture resources, so frontend doesn’t need the lecture’s id.
Week 9:
Wrote all backend functionality for assignments and submissions, this involves: Creating
models for assignments and submissions, editing authentication helpers to accommodate new
url routes. Viewing all assignments for a course, creating and deleting assignments and
uploading attachment files for assignments as a teacher, submitting assignments as a student,
viewing all submissions for an assignment as a teacher, marking assignments and uploading
feedback files.
Changed uploading files for lecture/tutorials resources to accepting list of files instead of one
file at a time.
Week 10:
Created file search bar API, updated minor changes frontend team wanted involving assignment
API and submissions API. Presented Final Demo and wrote Resources Functionality for final
report and some of the backend implementation challenges.