Week 1:
We met our group members at the tutorial and created the group on Moodle. I was selected as the Scrum Master.
The Jira Site was created as well as a project made on it in order to delegate and keep track of tasks during future sprints.
We had a discussion to determine our project, since we couldn't decide on a project during the tutorial we continued the discussion the next day
and decided to do the learning management system.
We exchanged details and determined our method of communication will be through Messenger.

Week 2:
We determined that we will meet on Wednesdays before our tutorial to discuss anything we would like to talk about with the tutor.
We also determined that Daniel, Evan and I will work on the backend of the website. We discussed languages and settled on Python using Django as the framework.
Lisa was selected as the Project Owner.
The entire team started writing user stories for each requirement that was stated in our project.
Daniel, Evan and I worked on transferring them to the Jira.

Week 3:
Upon feedback from the tutor we organised our user stories under user epics and created acceptance criteria for each user story.
We continued with our proposal by organising the Jira as well as setting up our sprint finish and end dates as well as the items for all of them.
I created the system architecture diagram and wrote up the technology stack that we will be using.
I watched some tutorials on Django and how to integrate it with React, which is the frontend library that our team will be using.
We submitted the proposal on Sunday.

Week 4:
I set up the Github and did the initial commit on it creating the basic React and Django app.
I continued research on how to write authentication using Django and specifically how to use it in creating a log in page.
Daniel Evan and I met and discussed our database and we created a very basic database schema that we will improve on as the project develops.

Week 5:
Connected database with AWS.
Created backend endpoint for sign up and login as well as user authentication.
Worked with frontend to get everything connected.
Delivered demo for sprint 1.
Submitted the demo retrospective.

Week 6:
Drafted the database schema for forums, which includes posts and comments.
Created endpoints for forums, posts.
Set up AWS S3 for files.

Week 7:
Created endpoint for comments.
Created helper function for saving downloaded files to S3.

Week 8:
Updated some endpoints to pass in data requested from frontend.
Helped frontend connect forums.
Delivered demo for sprint 2.
Submitted the demo retrospective.

Week 9:
Created endpoint for liked comments and posts.
Created endpoint quizzes.

Week 10:
Updated the API documentation.
Added images to forum posts,
Cleaned up the code before submitting source code.
